c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.dll.config
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.pdb
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.dll
c:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.pdb
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.dll.config
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\NoJohns.API.pdb
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.dll
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.pdb
C:\NoJohns\NoJohns\NoJohns.API\obj\Debug\NoJohns.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
